---
layout: post
title: The Most Efficient User Interface. Period.
tags:
- welcome
---


First of all - welcome to api.ai!

<div class="align-justify">Savvy developers already know that voice integration is the future of app development. However, the future may be much closer than you think. Our creative team at Speaktoit is unveiling the natural language interface that made our award-winning personal Assistant app so successful: api.ai.</div>

<div class="align-justify">Now developers can provide the best possible user experience by integrating this innovative technology into their apps. Unlike the clumsy voice recognition software of years past, which required users to speak robotically into their devices with limited, elementary commands, api.ai is a natural language interface. So users are no longer restricted to a few basic phrases, but rather can speak in normal, everyday language, and the app listens, understands, and responds. It’s fun, easy, and convenient — and a great way to make your app stand out in an increasingly crowded marketplace.</div>

<div class="align-justify">And best of all for developers, api.ai is simpler to use than you might think. Voice integration can be done in a matter of minutes (depending on the complexity of the app), helping to avoid countless hours of frustration that many have come to expect.</div>

<div class="align-justify">Get started now by signing up at api.ai and downloading the SDKs found [here](http://api.ai/downloads.html).  Questions/comments/concerns? Visit [support.api.ai](support.api.ai) for assistance. The Speaktoit team monitors the support pages very closely, and welcomes any and all feedback.</div>

**Don’t be left behind — put your app ahead of the curve with api.ai!** 

</div>
